Level 1 tests end to end test cases---------------------
test case 1. 
1. click on anywhere on screen.
2. assert that clone of spawn object has been created

test case 2.
1. repeat steps in test case 1
2. assert that clone of spawn object is child element of rotator element

test case 3. 
1. click anywhere on the screen. 
2. assert that score is increasing everytime when spawned object becomes under the child of rotator object.




test case 4. 
1. assert that animator controller has been attached to main camera (we are testing the animation)

test case 5
2. click on screen several times you will same game fails. 
3. assert that main camera object -> game manager component's game ended value setted to true when your game fails (wait until that checkbox setted to true) 

test case 6
1. verify level cchanges when score inscease



Level 2
test case 1
1. Click on blue box
2. Assert that property of that box setted to Kinematic to Dynamic.

test case 2.
1. Click on yellow box
2. Assert that blue box property of rigidbody will not change from dynamic to kinematic

test case 3.
1. repeat steps from test case 1
2. assert that level3 has been loaded (wait method) 


Level 3
test case 1. 
1. scroll slidebar until end 
2. asssert that it's value becomes 100 (check it from its components) 

test case 2. 
1. scroll slidebar until end
2. assert that box appears on the screen when slidebar reaches to 100 value

test case 3. 
1. assert slidebar has "When Slide Full" component

Level 4.
test case 1.
1. clik up button
2. assert that wehn your box collide with another "crash" is set to true on your player box oject When collide script

test case 2. 
1. click left button
2. assert that your beginning position Y and current position Y has changed when you click left button

test case 3. 
1. assert both box has collider component
2. assert both box has rigidbody component
3. assert main camera is exist


test case 4.
1. cick up button 
2. assert that when your box collide with another new levels loaded


Level 5 tests end to end test cases----------

test case 1. 
assert all below components are attached to the player game object:
RigidBody
Box Collider
When Coll Script

test case2 
1. Click up botton (green button)
2. wait for box to go and touch above button.
3. when touch assert that score is 100

test case3 
1. Click up botton (green button)
2. wait for box to go and touch above button.
3. when touch assert that object is touched

test case4
1. repeat steps in test case2
2. assert the box that you hit becomes non active


test case5
1. click ui left button assert a component that attached "left" to it has set  to true
2. click ui right button assert a component that attached "right" to it has set to true
3. click ui up button assert a component that attached "up" to it has set to true
4. click ui down button assert a component that attached "down" to it has set to true



for example if someone done a ticket , and it works perfectly,



